well yes
fearfully
so what is terrible their own going scary
scenes
nothing scary everything is fine
none what do you want i say hurt
good with civilians to fight
kill shoot and when the needles
come so all at once he howitzer up
sin then immediately everything starts to panic
morning russia invaded us offended and
no one called you in the big way
account though all yes all about how much you can
same
either you are fuller already they are all for this for
this is the policy to negotiate
and enter the troops and fight against the people
a lot of mind is not necessary so what is there
actually tell
if after all the Europeans would have turned
looked here everything happens to anyone
something is not necessary
scribes
translated by you say us opshadbank when
transfer with interest down to interest
how much well are there 15 hryvnia from 1000 in my
waiting because you could shoot yesterday
protect banks without transferring money yes not
only two and a half percent not up
her thing is that they are yesterday at all
restriction satisfied and withdrawing yes that is
there about how much 400 hryvnia what is
yes a little healthy column you see
today is super today in the morning
It was
but I can't see a smaller visa
I look there further
you see yes pigeon how much
no end at all till night not visible
I never too do not know is not finished
written yes god forbid i say nothing
here the fascists do
well give a up to 152 millimeters to
better than this every need as every time
then here
he is on my bus
little plate all while the sun but the snake is not
wait it's not a bus it's not that
closes the door yes it is visible or
the militia or or the same go though
although no yes no could yes no all come on
come on